<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-GB">
	<head>
		<title>List of Illustrations</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="backmatter">
		<section id="loi" epub:type="loi">
			<nav epub:type="loi">
				<h2 epub:type="title">List of Illustrations</h2>
				<ol>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/frontispiece.xhtml#illo-5">“This is an enchanted garden, and that’s an enchanted castle.”</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/chapter-1.xhtml#illo-2">“Little deceiver!” she said.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/chapter-1.xhtml#illo-3">Jimmy came in head first, like one diving into an unknown sea.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/chapter-1.xhtml#illo-4">“It’s the entrance to the enchanted castle,” said Kathleen.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/chapter-1.xhtml#illo-6">The red clue ran straight across the grass and by the sundial, and ended in a small brown hand.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/chapter-1.xhtml#illo-8">The three stood breathless, awaiting the result.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/chapter-2.xhtml#illo-9">“It’s a game, isn’t it?” asked Jimmy suddenly.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/chapter-2.xhtml#illo-11">She was waiting for them with a candle in her hand.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/chapter-2.xhtml#illo-12">Kathleen looking at herself in the little silver-framed mirror.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/chapter-2.xhtml#illo-14">Backward and forward he went.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/chapter-3.xhtml#illo-16">It was rather horrid to see the bread and butter waving about.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/chapter-3.xhtml#illo-18">“Halloa, missy, ain’t you blacked yer back, neither!”</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/chapter-3.xhtml#illo-19">“You’re getting at me. Let’s see you do a bit of conjuring, since you’re so clever an all.”</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/chapter-3.xhtml#illo-20">“Stow it!” cried the man, turning threateningly on Gerald.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/chapter-4.xhtml#illo-21">“What’s that?” the policeman asked quickly.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/chapter-4.xhtml#illo-22">“I <em>must</em> go home now this minute.”</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/chapter-4.xhtml#illo-23">The moving stone beast.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/chapter-4.xhtml#illo-24">The men were taking silver out of two great chests.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/chapter-5.xhtml#illo-25">“Look here, Johnson,” Gerald said, “what’ll you give me if I put you up to winning that fifty pounds reward?”</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/chapter-5.xhtml#illo-27">He staggered back against the water-butt.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/chapter-5.xhtml#illo-26">Gerald halted at the end of a little landing-stage of rotten boards.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/chapter-5.xhtml#illo-28">“E’s lep into the water,” said Eliza in a rapt voice.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/chapter-5.xhtml#illo-29">It was Eliza, dishevelled, breathless, her hair coming down, her collar crooked, her dress twisted and disordered, who suddenly held out a hand.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/chapter-6.xhtml#illo-30">She kissed him with little quick French pecks on the two cheeks.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/chapter-6.xhtml#illo-31">Down came the loveliest blue-black hair.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/chapter-6.xhtml#illo-32">She saw that fully half a dozen of these chairs were occupied, and by the queerest people.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/chapter-6.xhtml#illo-33">A limp hand was laid on his arm.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/chapter-7.xhtml#illo-34">“Wonder what lies he’s telling them,” Jimmy grumbled.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/chapter-7.xhtml#illo-35">It was a strange procession.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/chapter-7.xhtml#illo-37">A painted pointed paper face peered out.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/chapter-8.xhtml#illo-38">Jimmy shook them to pieces.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/chapter-8.xhtml#illo-39">Two hats were raised.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/chapter-8.xhtml#illo-40">Mabel hands up the clothes and the sticks.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/chapter-8.xhtml#illo-42">“I wish Jimmy and I were inside that door behind the statue of Flora.”</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/chapter-9.xhtml#illo-43">She sat down suddenly on the floor, and it was like a fourfold foot-rule folding itself up.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/chapter-9.xhtml#illo-45">Kathleen had her wish: she was a statue.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/chapter-9.xhtml#illo-46">Mabel lay down, was covered up, and left.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/chapter-9.xhtml#illo-47">The monster lizard slipped heavily into the water.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/chapter-9.xhtml#illo-48">“What is it?” she asked, beginning to tremble.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/chapter-10.xhtml#illo-49">Side by side the three swam.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/chapter-10.xhtml#illo-51">It was a celestial picnic.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/chapter-10.xhtml#illo-1">The hall in which the children found themselves was the most beautiful place in the world.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/chapter-11.xhtml#illo-52">The joys of dipping one’s feet in cool running water.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/chapter-11.xhtml#illo-53">They stood still and looked at each other.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/chapter-11.xhtml#illo-55">He became eager, alert, very keen.</a>
					</li>
					<li>
						<a href="../text/chapter-11.xhtml#illo-56">The American fired again.</a>
					</li>
				</ol>
			</nav>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>
